clarification on running curl as sudo (#667)
civicrm/civicrm-dev-docs: docs/tools/buildkit.md

!!! note

>     * When executing the above command, you should *not* run as `root`, as it *will* cause failures. However, you *should*     have `sudo` permissions. You shouldn't run the curl buildkit command as sudo. It will sudo itself for the bits that need it.

Reviewer: ```warning
    * When executing the above curl/install command, you should *not* run it as `root` - including via `sudo`, as doing so *will* cause failures. However, you *should* have `sudo` permissions as the script includes several `sudo` statements where these are required.
```

Reviewer 2: Ah, so it sounds like `sudo` has become so ubiquitous as the means of becoming `root` that people may not reflexively equate `root =~ sudo`.

Agree with @MikeyMJCO that it's better to rephrase the note generally (instead of appending).

Reviewer 2: In the old/original text, I felt awkward about emphasizing *what-not-to-do* (negative tone) and settled for that text mainly because it was short. If we can afford a few more words, then maybe we can flip the tone? Like...

```suggestion
    * The above command installs some resources as your regular user (e.g.`/home/myuser/buildkit`) and others as the `root` user (e.g. the `mysqld` system service).
    * To ensure proper permissions, you *must* run the installer as your *regular user* -- **not** `root`/`sudo`.  If the installer requires elevated permissions, it will automatically call `sudo` and prompt for a password.
```

Or is that too verbose?

Reviewer 2: (*Random note: I found it hard to read the suggestion blocks in Github's "Conversation" tab - because the text isn't wrapped. But if you switch to the "Files changed" tab, they become easier.*)

Author: thanks, works for me!
